What to do
The sofa in our house is made by people
It's not for dogs.
Dream back to the house
Mom, what's wrong with you?
My sister and brother-in-law have been engaged for so many years
It's already a family
Who is family with that trash?
You see she dresses like a migrant worker
What's the difference between it and the wild dogs outside?
At first glance, the startup failed.
If you want to come back and join us, there is no way
Mom and brother-in-law went out to start a business and now they are back
You can't look down on your brother-in-law just because he is poor.
We still have to live up to our conscience
Humph conscience
What conscience?
Let me live with this kind of person in my next life, I'd rather die